Don't be afraid. I'm not a journalist
I'm Song Zeyu's friend
You come with me first
Hey wait a minute why did you bring me here
I know everything about you and Zeyu
I saved you for him
You come with me first
What the hell is going on?
I don't know.
Someone should go to the media company and tell me who to contact
Song Zeyu's fiancee
Last time, he made me fall down the stairs.
I don't know yet.
But don't think too much.
Since you came into contact with Zeyu
You should be prepared for this
After all, the tree attracts the wind
You go to the room with me first
avoid the limelight
Book me a luxury suite for a month
Okay
Yes, we have a good time.
You can rest assured.
No one can find this either
You are still some way from the city
Thank you. What?
It should be inconvenient for Zeyu to appear.
I solved one thing for Zeyu
I will tell Zeyu the truth about your situation.
Hey wait a minute
Can you promise me one thing?
You said don't tell anyone
I include Song Zilu here